Method for "TRIGGER artefact removal": just remove channels 81-89, no other steps applied

Reason: we isolated the channels affected by trigger leak by plotting single-subject GFPs on subsets of channels. When ANY of channels 81-89 were included, we see a spike at the trigger time. Only plotting the remaining 151 channels shows no spike, indicating these channels are intact. (Note: we have now determined this is not the case, even if the spike doens't show in GFP, or shows up as very tiny, it still came out as a huge spike in certain ROIs, e.g. RSTG)


ERF results: absolutely nothing, but we can always use the old verion of ERFs (w/o covmatrix) - it's valid because all of channels 81-89 were removed, so we can be confident that the effect is real



= Using HCP database & MEMES1 =

Aim: hopefully this retains the old effects (because minimum change to the data), but also get rid of trigger spike (because we remove the 9 channels)

The subjects with bad coils have problems in coreg:
M08 - see attached pic
M10
M20 (1 bad coil) -> now fixed after copying new realignment code from MEMES3 into MEMES1

Check again (brain turned to the right):
M21 - see attached pic
A: plotted again with the hsp, determined this is due to the physical position of the subject's head in the MEG being at an angle

Check: is M24 tilted in MEMES1? 
A: Yes, so the subject prob was tilted during the session. It's not the winner MRI's problem.
You can more easily check this by plotting the hsp (will tell you the subject's actual position in the MEG).

=
Attempted solution (tried on M08): add the new features from MEMES3 (for handling 2 bad coils) into MEMES1/MEMES2, in order to make 2-bad-coil subjects work with the HCP database:

MEMES1 - copied over the new features (esp for 2 bad coils) from MEMES3
    >> doesn't work, plots are tilted (hsp & mesh are misaligned)

Tried: DL MEMES1 again & apply the fix from MEMES3, this might contain the changes needed. Then call it manually. If works, modify my source_v1 to call MEMES1 this way.

A: Nope. didnt help.


MEMES2 - copied over the new features (esp for 2 bad coils) from MEMES3
    >> doesn't work, mesh and grid have the wrong unit (appears tiny when plotted alongside hsp and sensors) & are misaligned with the hsp and sensors

MEMES3 
    >> Can use "new HCP library for MEMES3", Rob gave me the link. He noted, however, that this is a new library with different initial realignments and might give different results to the MEMES1 HCP library.


<FINAL VERDICT>
None of these works. MEMES3 with new HCP library produced realignments with the head tilted forward (due to lack of facial info in hsp). This same issue prob also impacted the initial batch of coreg using MEMES1 & old HCP library.
So, do not trust any source analysis we did with the HCP library (Rob is now looking at why it's not robust for no-face hsp). Just use the Chinese database.


= Using SLIM database & MEMES3 =

- check coreg plots:
    M20 & M24 are slightly tilted, might be ok. The rest are fine.
- run stats_ROI:
    no effects (except a late target-locked effect in RSTG)



